README.md, before:

# SSM-Env-Tools

<p align="center">
  <a href="#badge">
    <img alt="semantic-release: angular" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/semantic--release-angular-e10079?logo=semantic-release">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/semantic-release">
    <img alt="npm latest version" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ssm-env-tools/latest.svg">
  </a>
</p>

SSM-Env-Tools is a Node.js command-line utility designed to streamline the management of AWS Systems Manager (SSM) parameters, specifically catering to the conventions `/{env}/{service}/{env_name}`. This tool simplifies the import and export of environment variables between your local development environment and AWS SSM.

## Installation

Ensure you have Node.js installed on your machine. Then, install the utility using npm:

```bash
npm install -g ssm-env-tools
```

**or you can use `npx`**

## Usage

### Pull: Retrieve .env from SSM

Use the `pull` command to retrieve environment variables from AWS SSM and save them to a local `.env` file.

```bash
npx ssm-env-tools pull --env=<environment> \
  --service=<service> \
  --path=<local-path-with-filename> \
  [--dry-run] [--skip-prompt]
```

- `<environment>`: Environment name.
- `<service>`: Service name.
- `<local-path-with-filename>`: Local path, including the file name, where the `.env` file will be saved.

### Push: Update SSM with .env

Use the `push` command to update AWS SSM with environment variables from a local `.env` file.

```bash
npx ssm-env-tools push --path=<local-path-with-filename> \
  --env=<environment> \
  --service=<service> \
  [--dry-run] [--skip-prompt]
```

- `<local-path-with-filename>`: Local path, including the file name, to the `.env` file.
- `<environment>`: Environment name.
- `<service>`: Service name.

## Examples

### Pull .env from SSM

```bash
npx ssm-env-tools pull --env='stage' --service='website' --path='.env'
```

### Push .env to SSM

```bash
npx ssm-env-tools push --path='.env' --env='stage' --service='website'
```

## Options

- `--version`: Display the version number.
- `-h, --help`: Display help information.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

chore: Update AWS region handling in object-to-ssm.js and env-to-ssm.js

README.md, after:

# SSM-Env-Tools

<p align="center">
  <a href="#badge">
    <img alt="semantic-release: angular" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/semantic--release-angular-e10079?logo=semantic-release">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/semantic-release">
    <img alt="npm latest version" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ssm-env-tools/latest.svg">
  </a>
</p>

SSM-Env-Tools is a Node.js command-line utility designed to streamline the management of AWS Systems Manager (SSM) parameters, specifically catering to the conventions `/{env}/{service}/{env_name}`. This tool simplifies the import and export of environment variables between your local development environment and AWS SSM.

## Installation

Ensure you have Node.js installed on your machine. Then, install the utility using npm:

```bash
npm install -g ssm-env-tools
```

**or you can use `npx`**

## Usage

### Pull: Retrieve .env from SSM

Use the `pull` command to retrieve environment variables from AWS SSM and save them to a local `.env` file.

```bash
npx ssm-env-tools pull --env=<environment> \
  --service=<service> \
  --path=<local-path-with-filename> \
  [--dry-run] [--skip-prompt] [--region=<region>]
```

- `<environment>`: Environment name.
- `<service>`: Service name.
- `<local-path-with-filename>`: Local path, including the file name, where the `.env` file will be saved.
- `--dry-run`: Display the environment variables that will be saved to the `.env` file without actually saving them.
- `--skip-prompt`: Skip the prompt to confirm the saving of the environment variables to the `.env` file.
- `--region`: AWS region where the SSM parameters are stored. If not provided, the default profile region will be used.

### Push: Update SSM with .env

Use the `push` command to update AWS SSM with environment variables from a local `.env` file.

```bash
npx ssm-env-tools push --path=<local-path-with-filename> \
  --env=<environment> \
  --service=<service> \
  [--dry-run] [--skip-prompt] [--region=<region>]
```

- `<local-path-with-filename>`: Local path, including the file name, to the `.env` file.
- `<environment>`: Environment name.
- `<service>`: Service name.
- `--dry-run`: Display the environment variables that will be saved to AWS SSM without actually saving them.
- `--skip-prompt`: Skip the prompt to confirm the saving of the environment variables to AWS SSM.
- `--region`: AWS region where the SSM parameters are stored. If not provided, the default profile region will be used.

## Examples

### Pull .env from SSM

```bash
npx ssm-env-tools pull --env='stage' --service='website' --path='.env'
```

### Push .env to SSM

```bash
npx ssm-env-tools push --path='.env' --env='stage' --service='website'
```

## Options

- `--version`: Display the version number.
- `-h, --help`: Display help information.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.
